Extra Files Information [Rytech]

The purpose of this folder is to perform special tasks for me. Please do not upload,
edit, or delete any of these files. These files are very important for keeping track
of many things in the RO client and the files in the GRF's.

The Extra Files folder will be nicknamed EF
The Text File Changes Detection folder will be nicknamed Changes Detection

The following folders are here for the following reasons...

=Client Files=

Special client files are placed here. They will be mostly custom or specially edited files.
These files are best used in the client when working on development as they can give more
info and easier access to some skill ID's, and other things.

=Google Translated Files=

In this folder are skill descs translated through google. These will be kept up to date
as much as possiable. The information on Doddler's RO Wiki is out of date in many area's
and following the information on there isnt allways the best.

For example: The date right now is September the 1st, the Rune Knights Phantom Thrust skill
info says the damage starts off at 100% at level 1 and maxes out at 180% at level 5. The info
in the latest translation of this skill desc shows that the damage starts at 50% at level 1
and maxes out at 250% at level 5, and even shows the cell range increaseing by 1 each level.

So looking here is recommanded just to be safe. Do note that the english here will not be clear,
but looking at certain things can help you figure out what is what.

=Text File Changes Detection=

Every week, the latest text files will be uploaded into this folder as is, with no changes of any kind.
With each update, the SVN will create a diff for the changes between the 2 revisions. By looking at the
diff file, its possiable to see exactly everything thats been changed in each file. Knowing these changes
are very important in order to keep up to date with skill descs, as well as the adding of items,
SP requirement changes, and other things.

Who knew a SVN could be so useful. =D

